This release is mostly to offer a stable and supportable release of
Bayonne 2 which can be used to build basic script driven ivr
applications using the Bayonne 2 runtime engine.  This distribution
includes only those drivers which are themselves supplied on a free
software license, including the Bayonne 2 sip driver built from the GPL
licensed eXosip package, the h323 driver built from the MPL licensed
OpenH323 stack, the Voicetronix driver built from the LGPL licensed
voicetronix sdk, and the CAPI soundcard driver for GNU/Linux CAPI
support.  GNU Bayonne 2 can be used with GNU/Linux, various BSD systems,
Mac OS/X, and Microsoft Windows.

The current release includes support for a preliminary BayonneXML 
parser, and may be used as an XML application server.  When used in this 
manner, Bayonne will fetch a XML document structured in BayonneXML, and 
then render and navigate the document in voice.  This is achieved when 
Bayonne is configured to use the bayonnexml service binding (--bind 
bayonnexml or bind=bayonnexml in server.conf).  Complete documentation 
for BayonneXML will soon be offered.

Some additional drivers are available separately in the separately
available "bayonne2-nonfree" package, which is freely offered, but
includes drivers that are "non free" in terms of their licensing.  This
separation is similar to the nonfree (as in freedom) debian repository,
rather than non-free as in cost.  The nonfree drivers include initial
support for Intel Dialogic.  Drivers for Synway and Aculab telephony
cards are also in active development. The nonfree package is found at
http://sourceforge.net/projects/gnutelephony/

In that Bayonne 2 uses services binding, the ivrscript1 service binding
will continue to be explicitly offered in future stable releases.
Ivrscript1 is offered as an initial binding for the Bayonne 2 scripting
language to assure applications written against this first release will
also behave consistently even if future releases offer new or different
scripting language features. 

